[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I do believe that we all have
guides, we all have guardians,
we all have angels,
ancestors who are around you,
spirit ancestors.
And it's important that we
ask, that we knock on that door
and with an expectant
faith, that door opens.
And that's documented in so
many different ancient cultures.
So it's important for us to just
reach out because they're there
to help for everything.
And we need to recognize
when the intuition is there.
And when we recognize that
we're giving strength to it.
And when it's way
out of the norm,
that's when it's very, very
important for us to follow.
It's always going to lead us in
the right direction, especially
when it doesn't make sense.
That's when, you know they
really went out on a limb
to give you that intuition is
when it doesn't make sense,
that's the very important
times you do it.
You follow it every time.
And there's whole teams set
up to work with us constantly.
And they're always around
us if we want them there.
Because what happens is when you
follow what they tell you to do,
they get to in turn get a
stronger connection to you,
and there's so much
love coming from them.
>> Every relationship
requires time,
and it requires directed energy.
You have to put the
energy toward it.
It is the same way with God.
You have to set the time aside.
And you can talk to God just
like I'm talking to you.
I had this really hard day, and
I was so frustrated and angry.
And I need your help with that.
I don't know how I'm going to
pull enough energy out of myself
to make that situation better.
And when you do have
that conversation,
don't do all the talking.
Sit and quietly listen.
For a while you won't hear
anything but your own thoughts
popping up.
But eventually, the more
you get to know God,
and the more you
get used to sharing,
you'll be able to identify
what is your internal voice
and what is God speaking to you.
>> I've just learned over the
years that if I sort of talk
things over and pray before,
it makes things go better.
I mean, my life
repeatedly, I've charged
into something and
without thinking it over,
and then I found
in over my head.
Oh, this is terrible.
[CHUCKLES] But I
found over the years,
if I just pray about it at
first, God guide me in this,
and lead me in this,
it works out easier.
>> I don't do what people--
I don't do the get
on my knees and sit.
No, I talk to him.
Please help that
person who passed away
to transfer easily into
your realm up there.
I have a feeling like he's
right here all the time.
And I don't feel that
there's ever any distance.
That was clear when I was out
of my body, up on the ceiling,
and throughout my whole life.
Thank you so much for
intervening in that situation.
I so appreciate you
being in my life.
I'm here because I'm your
hands and your heart here.
And when you put people in
front of me that need help,
I'm always going to do
whatever I can to assist.
So keep me here as long
as you want me here.
And when you want me to come
home, I'm ready to come home.
I call it not heaven and
hell, because I don't believe
in the judgment part of that.
I call it home, returning home.
>> There's no escape
hatch in heaven.
There's no fast track
to get into heaven.
And suicide is not a route
where you can go and just hurry
and get into heaven.
The lessons that you were
supposed to learn here,
you're still going to have
to learn those lessons.
So there's no circumventing it.
There's no hijacking
God's system and saying,
I'm getting into heaven today.
It's just it's not
going to happen.
>> I can understand that.
Kind of have to work hard to
stay all the way in your body
after you've been out.
It's easier to stay out and
be oblivious to the world.
So it is work actually because
it's more pleasant to stay out.
The thing is it's not an escape.
So just like I had
to do, whatever
darkness that you're
struggling with on this side,
you have to work through
when you get there.
It's not-- for me anyway--
It wasn't just immediately into
a bright white light and all
of that.
It wasn't like that at all.
I had to sort out
that darkness in me.
And I struggled with
depression, social anxiety.
And at least here in the States,
there's so much hopelessness.
People feel like it's
just getting worse,
and it's never
going to get better.
And you have to have purpose.
If you don't have purpose,
you're going to be hopeless.
And so someone
asked me, well, how
do you figure out
what your purpose is?
And I told them, I said, I
think the big misconception is
that it's one thing.
It's not.
Your purpose is what's
in front of you that day.
If you notice you've got
an 80-year-old neighbor
who's struggling to drag her
trash can to the curb and back
every week, that's your purpose.
Go out there and
help her with that.
And you'll find,
the less focused
you are on your own
misery and the more
you're looking for those
little opportunities,
the better you'll start
feeling about yourself
because you're putting
good into the equation.
You're putting good
out into the world.
But those acts of kindness,
those spontaneous ideas of ways
you can help or
improve things, we
tend to just internalize those,
and we don't ever act on them.
And let me tell you-- just one
time-- just one time a week,
act on it.
And you will see your
whole world open up
because you are then responding
to the urging of God.
And once you start
doing that, you'll
start hearing him more clearly.
It is one of the
easiest ways to start
getting that communication going
two way and not just one way.
>> Listen to the patients
who have had a near-death
experience.
They say, I was sent back
because I had a task to fulfill,
because I have something
to do in this world.
And the Buddhists
say that suffering
belongs to life as well.
It's not about the suffering.
It's not about the trauma
but how you handle it.
That's how you handle
the suffering, how
you handle this trauma,
that's the important thing.
>> It is challenging.
I don't deny that.
But I will also point out I
recognized after my journey
that the hardships and
difficulties in life are gifts.
They are what nudge us towards
a deeper understanding.
They are here for our
learning and teaching.
The hardships in my own life,
for example, being put up
for adoption when
I was 11 days old,
I think that challenge
was a gift to me.
It came with a gift
of understanding.
And so likewise, the hardships
and hurdles in our current world
are there as a gift.
But to those who would think
oh, that beautiful afterlife
sounds so wonderful.
This life is so miserable, I'm
going to go on and kill myself,
that's the wrong move.
Suicide and homicide should
never be anything you do.
In fact, any actions
we take in this world
should be guided
by the golden rule.
Because if there's one thing
that the life review teaches us,
it's that the golden
rule in many ways
is written into the
fabric of the universe.
The life review is one
where you relive the events.
It's not just a
remembering of events.
And not only that, you relive it
from the perspective of everyone
involved.
So if you've been busy
handing out pain and suffering
to others, in your
life review, you'll
be on the receiving end of that.
And that may not be pretty.
In fact, I think that's
where our notions of hell
have come from.
People who are so
busy hurting others
that when they went
through their life review
and had to feel that,
it was very unpleasant,
and they did not like
it one little bit.
So that's why it's
important for all of us
in living these lives to
take the lessons of NDEs
and to treat others with
kindness, compassion, mercy,
acceptance, when
necessary, forgiveness.
>> I feel that we originate
at home on the other side.
We come here to have
experiences to grow our soul.
And those experiences can be
both positive and negative.
So it's not like
we can just say,
oh, we're just here for
this really happy life,
and everything's
going to be fine.
Everyone has challenges.
Everyone has
struggles, everyone.
But how we deal with
those experiences also
helps us to learn how
to be stronger and grow
our soul in ways of
accomplishing success in getting
through those situations.
And I think we
all have a purpose
that we all are coming
down here to do.
So if you're thinking about
leaving that, you should focus
instead on when you're going to
be here, as long as you're here,
how can you make other
people and yourself
happy by doing good
things in the world?
It doesn't have
to be the people.
You could be out planting trees.
You could be out doing something
for the world, for nature.
Anything that motivates you to
do something beautiful to help,
then that's what
you're here for.
That's your purpose.
It doesn't mean you're perfect.
It just means that you're trying
really hard to do good stuff
and focus on that.
>> When you have a little
one and they start walking,
they take a tentative
step and they fall.
And they get up.
And sometimes they cry or they
whack their head or whatever.
But you don't think
less of them for that.
You understand that
developmentally they're
at a point where they don't
have the perfect coordination
to execute walking.
And so you pick them
up over and over again.
It's OK.
You're all right.
No blood.
I used to tell my
kids, no blood.
Here we go.
Let's try again.
You're OK.
And you stand a little closer
until they get more confident.
And that is exactly
who you are to God.
I mean, this is the
creator of the universe.
We are all just toddlers to him.
So remind yourself that
you have this loving
God that's like it's OK.
Let me help.
Let me pick you back up.
Let's start again.
Your spirit thinks a lot more of
your capabilities than you do.
And so when you come into
trouble, just remember,
this was an experience
that my spirit knew
I needed to have to grow me.
>> There is meaning to even
our mistakes in this life.
So it's important for us
to succeed and to fail
but to always be learning.
And that's how we grow.
That's how we raise
our frequency.
That's how we embody the
creator in ourselves.
And that brings us to love.
Love is the amplifier
of success here.
So as we love and
care for others,
we in turn are loving
and caring for ourselves.
And whenever we feel that we are
lacking anything in this life,
if we go outside ourselves
to give the world,
give others in the world
that that we are lacking,
we in turn will literally
receive exactly what we need.
As we give to the world,
as we give to the universe,
we receive.
And the same principle
goes when we criticize,
and when we point out
imperfections and weaknesses
in others.
So it's very important for us to
use this virtual reality because
to me that's what this is.
This is the pit stop.
We are not this.
We are eternal spiritual beings.
And we're here on a short
pit stop in a classroom.
And it's so important
for us to understand
the rules of the game.
And that's one of the
rules of the game,
that if you put out
good, you get good.
If you put out bad, you get bad.
And where we can begin
our energy of flowing out
is we begin with our thoughts.
And as we master the
power of flowing,
we become like the
flow-er or the flower
where we're bringing energy in
and letting it flow through.
>> People often ask me, Raymond,
do you believe that God exists?
And what I say is yes, I
have a relationship with God.
And it's not anything
that came from religion.
It's just that over the
years, hearing these people
talk about their experiences,
it kind of rubbed off onto me.
I have a sense of this presence.
Then in 1991, I was
very distressed.
It was terrible things going on.
And I had a personal experience
of the presence of God.
It's like all the
great, the mystics.
I mean, there aren't any words.
It was the most real
experience I ever had.
So yeah, I have a relationship
with God, but I'm not religious.
God has never said anything
to me about religion.
And that's what people with
near-death experiences say.
It goes back to the personal
experience you have of divinity.
Near-death experiences
for thousands of years,
no matter what their
prior belief system,
have been coming
back to this world
after their experience talking
about the binding force of love.
They were welcomed there
by loved ones who had left
the physical plane already.
And, ultimately, having
had that experience,
I can tell you it's
very comforting.
That is like a spiritual home.
So near-death experiencers
come back less religious
but more spiritual.
Now, religion can be a beautiful
way of getting to spirituality.
To the extent that
any religion, allows
us to foster much more of a
sense of all-inclusive love,
unconditional love for others,
kindness, compassion, and mercy,
then that religion is
still doing some good
to enhance spirituality.
But the problem is
religious ideology
for the last few
thousand years has
been hijacked by people
who tend to ignore
the original message of the
prophets and use religion
to control other people.
>> All these religions teach
us that we need to go driving
around and seeking God outside
ourselves in these temples
and these churches and
these special holy places.
And yes, those are holy places.
Those are places you
can connect to God.
But you can connect to God
at every moment of your life.
God exists within.
And that's where we
need to honor the most.
That's where we need
to clean the most.
to work the most.
That's where we need to
actively plan and use
our thoughts to program our
own life in a positive nature.
And one way that I
was taught to do that
is to honor your hour of power.
And the hour of power
is the first 30 minutes
when you wake up and the last
30 minutes before you go to bed.
And what you're putting
in your hour of power,
that is what you are
truly worshiping.
If you're putting news there,
if you're putting sports there,
if you're putting
social media there,
business there,
then that is your religion.
I don't care what
religion you say you are,
that is your religion.
And that the only way for us
to be cognizant and connected
to the creator is to
create a sacred space
in your hour of power.
Connect to the creator.
You can do that through prayer.
You can do that
through meditation.
You can do that through
scripture study.
studying holy writings.
You can even do that through
watching motivational YouTubes.
You can really do a beautiful
thing with your life
by making sure that you
are programming what
goes in your hour of power--
not life, you.
And when you put you
in charge of you,
you get to direct
where your life goes.
>> One of the best exercises
that you can do is to write
your own eulogy.
And I know it sounds dark, but
when you write your eulogy,
you're writing what you want
people to say about your life
after you're gone.
And it gives you
such great direction.
If I could live a
life where people
would tell that story
about me, then I
feel like I'll have done
what I'm supposed to do here.
So how do you live
a life that results
in a testimony like that?
And it is through purpose,
through getting up every day,
leaving your house,
interacting with people.
We were built for relationship.
Who you are is somebody
who is interconnected
with everyone else around you.
And you have to remember
that when you are carrying on
with your life.
>> That is something that I
think is absolutely critical
for us to understand, that
the cold and bleak story
of materialism that pretends
we don't even have free will
and that we're completely
separate beings and that
we're only material and these
little ego selves, turns out,
none of that is true and that
we're much more interconnected.
>> One major important change
that happened in me is after
my experience, I realized that
a lot of people around me that I
called friends were not
actually my friends.
They weren't there to support
or lift me up in any way.
They were there essentially to
ride on whatever ride I was on.
And right away, I
started cleaning that up.
I started being very
choosy about who I was
going to spend my time with.
And I made sure that it was
with only positive people
and with those who
wanted to build me up,
and I wanted to build them up,
in a very synchronistic manner.
And I realized
even within myself
that there was this new
struggle that I was never
aware of before.
A lot of ancient Native
American cultures
talk about the tale of the
white wolf and the black wolf.
The white wolf is your
spirit, your soul.
The black wolf is the
physical manifestation of you,
your physical self,
your ego self.
And the ego represents
edging God out.
It's making sure you're
safe and away from anything
that could harm the body.
And then there's the mind.
The mind is the
caretaker of the two.
So the mind is the one that
gets to choose who I feed today.
And every day, I try to
always feed both wolves
because you don't want to
constantly only feed the higher
self.
You're going to end up
neglecting the body.
And at the same time, you don't
want to always feed the ego.
You're going to end up
without any conscience
and without any
inspired intuition.
So you keep a
stronger white wolf,
but keep the black wolf fed
then you're going to be OK.
With that balance is
where we can really
master ourselves and
really master our own lives
and master our own successes.
>> To me, the whole purpose of
meditation is to put the ego
voice into timeout, because I
love how Michael Singer in his
book "The Untethered Soul," he
says, that voice in your head.
And many people identify
with that voice.
They think that's
their consciousness.
The voice in the head is
your annoying roommate,
which means that is
not who you truly are.
Your higher soul, which
is much more involved
with the higher
good-- the higher soul
is what you come in touch with
in a near-death or a shared
death experience.
And that higher soul
is in the process
of growing, learning, and
teaching with other higher
souls.
And the more one
gets into meditation,
centering prayer
and doing good work
to help change the
world for the better,
the more they start to realize
they're not that little ego
self at all, but something
far grander than that.
>> But we tend to get a
little cocky in this world,
especially once we achieve the
littlest amounts of success.
We tend to start believing
that we are almost a god.
And it's really funny
how quick we can
be put in a place of humility.
Even when we're at
the top of our world,
we're at the top of our
financial ladder or career
ladder or family ladder, we feel
like we're at the top of life,
how quickly we can be humbled.
It's important
that we make plans.
We make goals.
We make objectives.
But God does know the
real path of all of this.
And a lot of times, our
plans never work out the way
that we wanted them
to, but they work out
the way they were meant to.
>> To me, it feels like God
knew us before he plunked us
into a body.
He did have intention
for us coming in,
but I think the intention is
far broader than people realize.
The intention is that you would
remember where you came from,
that you came from God.
>> I think that life is story.
You live life forward
as the protagonist.
And then you die.
And you see everything you've
ever done in a timeless state,
but from the point of view of
the other characters involved.
And then as I
personally gather, you
go through some
incomprehensible experience,
and then that you're back
on another storyline.
Then you want to know if you are
a number of different stories,
then what is that that holds
all those stories together?
>> Time is a construct made by
humans in the physical world.
In essence, there is no time.
When you look back
at your life, things
can happen like yesterday, but
that happened 20 years ago.
But because also in your
memories, there is no time.
When you're a little bit older
like me and you look back,
everything is there
at the same time.
So time does not
exist in reality.
Everything is only now.
What you experience is now.
And what we see around us is
depending of our perception.
And what you see as red, I don't
know if you see the same red.
So it's all subjective.
We create what we perceive.
This thing that we're
in is suspicious to me.
I really think that the world
is obviously not, in reality,
how we perceive it.
And it struck me
very early in life
that it's so easy to imagine
that this whole framework we're
in is illusory.
I've never been a physicalist.
Some people draw from
the fact that things
persist in the
world, that therefore
that there's an independent
physical reality.
I don't buy it.
I mean, I'm not
saying it's not true,
but there's no way to prove
for sure that we're not
in a simulation or a cave.
And I've grown up.
That's the way I think
about the world anyway.
It's easy to imagine that it's
all an illusion in some sense.
>> The nature of reality is
something that we're all trying
to understand.
Science is deeply invested
in trying to explain
this thing we call reality.
And it's ultimately critical,
because for example,
to understand quantum
physics, the deep mystery,
the measurement paradox
of entanglement--
The Nobel Prize was given
for entanglement in 2022,
which means the scientific
community is finally
at a point where they'll admit
that four dimensional space
time in our general notions
of physicalism and materialism
are insufficient to explain the
nature of scientific reality.
And so for understanding
quantum physics,
the deepest lesson here is
that mind is primordial.
>> So there's something so
high beyond our comprehension,
which is the fundamental
of our universe.
So for me, consciousness
is fundamental.
Everything comes from
consciousness in the universe.
Matter is condensed energy
and condensed information.
And matter is a product
of consciousness as well.
>> I love the quote
from Werner Heisenberg.
He said, the first gulp from
the glass of natural sciences
will lead you towards atheism.
But at the bottom of the
glass, God is waiting for you.
And that simply reflects
what more than 90%
of near-death experiencers
will tell you.
They've had an experience
that showed them
the reality of a loving force
at the core of the universe,
at the core of our very
conscious awareness.
>> One of the gifts they showed
me is they allowed me to see
into our future what our future
looks like as humanity on this
Earth.
And they showed me
a great transition,
a great separation between
our old self and our new self.
And our new self is this
awakening the light of God
activating inside of you.
And now that's starting
to direct you with things.
That's the awakening.
And this awakening is
happening across the planet.
A lot of the kids that
are coming in the world
now are part of that awakening.
And what that
awakening is doing is
it's shifting away
from the old self.
And right now, we're at the
beginning of the separation.
We're going to see the
separation happen greater
and greater and greater.
And in the process,
it's going to be weird.
And I don't fully
understand how it happens,
but there'll be great
transitions of souls.
And it's mostly going
to be in the group
of the old life, the old
mentality, the old frequency.
And then there's going to
be some of us transitioning
because we're going to
work on the good side,
on the lighter side,
on the awakened side.
So there is going to be
some transitions coming up
for a lot of the world,
but it's not a scary thing.
It's not a bad thing, because
the world is not a scary place.
Every day, the sun rises.
Every day, there's good things
happening on this planet,
every single day.
And it's important for us
to bring our focus there,
bring our embodiment
there, to the light
and to the positive
things happening.
And as we don't
allow the world in,
we don't allow the negative
in, we allow our own awakening.
And then the guidance
starts happening.
>> I think it's going
to work either way.
If this thing just keeps
getting worse and worse
and it collapses, the
people who are left
are going to know
your character,
and they're going to look to you
to help guide that rebuilding.
If it doesn't collapse and
we're able to turn it around,
then we have to realize
that you're here
on purpose, for a purpose,
for such a time as this.
You're not here by accident.
You're here because
there's something
you're supposed to be doing.
And it's generally small.
It's generally within
your community,
within your own household.
So you need to be functioning
in a productive way,
not sitting around waiting
for the end to come.
>> There is purpose for good.
There's purpose for evil.
The purpose of evil is
to keep us from growing,
to restrain us from growing.
And the purpose for good is
to empower us through growing,
to enlighten us through growing.
And technology can
help us or hinder us.
It depends on how we use it.
>> I see all of the lies
swirling around that powers that
be want us to believe
about each other.
And I just want to stand
up on a mountain and say,
these are lies.
These are lies.
But it's self-perpetuating.
People seem to be sectioning
themselves off more and more,
and that is the darkness that
is designed to keep us fighting.
But just having
those conversations
helps us understand each other
and be able to move forward
and make some
progress, and avoiding
topics that are very
divisive with people
that tend to like to argue.
You have to make your
life interesting enough
so it's not the only thing
you have to talk about,
is what's going on
in the news cycle,
because otherwise, that
never-ending news cycle
is going to steamroll you.
>> And in terms of power and
money or things like that,
it's difficult. I
mean, number one,
I just can't imagine why anybody
would be so deluded as to think
that power is important.
And the same thing about money.
It's like, money is a
very strange invention,
and I've never had any
sort of sense of it.
And I hate myself
for this in a way,
because if you don't
think about money, then
you're always short of money.
I mean, I just wish a ton of
it would come out of somewhere,
but it wouldn't make me happy.
It would give me more
time for my work.
>> Well, I would say that
the reason this awakening is
happening is to rescue the
world from the madness that is
so obvious in the political
polarization, all the fighting,
the violence, the warfare.
Every bit of that is kind of
a reaction of fundamentalists
who realize they are threatened
because this awakening is
all about the commonality.
That we're in this together.
We're here to take
care of each other.
So in fact, the awakening
I've been talking about--
and when I discuss meditation
on a regular basis,
meditating every
day, I'm talking
about using that kind
of tool to change
this world for the better.
This is not just about
meditating and thinking
peaceful, loving thoughts.
It's about living the life
in this daily activity that
helps to take the world
to a much better place
based on what we learn from
these notions of oneness.
That we're really here to take
care of the least, the last,
the lost.
We really need to take
better charge of this planet,
and that's what the
awakening is all about.
But the good news is that
any individual can use
centering, prayer, meditation.
These are modes of going within,
connecting with that higher
soul, with that primordial
mind, with that sense of love
and peace and compassion
for our fellow beings.
And then we bring it into our
world in our daily activities.
But also taking the action.
It's putting idealism
and mind over matter
to work to heal this
fractured, damaged world.
I believe strongly that we are
growing the spiritual connection
worldwide.
I really feel that
it's getting stronger.
It has to do with people
understanding the bigger
picture of near-death
experiences,
out-of-body experiences,
shared-death experiences.
And I do think that doctors
are accepting the information
a lot more readily now
than they did 20 years ago.
So it's not something that
is being hidden anymore.
And in 2011, I started the
IANDS group in Santa Barbara.
There are local groups all over
the United States and Europe.
And so we have near-death
experiencers who come and talk
about their stories, and we
open up the conversation.
And I think that's the
most important thing
that we could be doing with
this experience that happens.
>> I'm very positive.
I've given many lectures from
university for medical students,
psychology students.
And I see the younger
generation is open.
Also for nurses.
I've been lecturing nurses
for hospices, palliative care,
and they're much more open.
>> I love that quote
from Nikola Tesla,
one of the most brilliant
inventors in our history.
When he passed from this world,
I think, it was in the 1940s.
But he had said soon before
that when science first
begins to investigate
nonphysical phenomena,
they will discover more
in the first decade
than in the entire
history of science.
And I believe we are
actually entering
that decade around this time
because the scientific community
is making gigantic leaps
in coming to a deeper
understanding of this.
And so this revolution of
understanding coming out
of the science of consciousness
unifies religion, science,
spirituality in a way that we
can make sense of the world
with one worldview.
This panentheism notion
that we're all in this
together, that there
is an evolution to it,
that we have free will,
that we contribute
basically to the evolution
of consciousness itself.
>> We are a divine masterwork.
We are the divine masterwork.
We are eternal
spiritual beings having
this little physical experience,
this little mortal experience,
just to learn--
again, in a classroom,
not a courtroom-- so
that we can grow and get better.
We are the test.
We are the gathering.
We are the gathering of all
the DNA from all the cosmos.
And we're put in one here.
And that's how we are built
in the image of our creator.
>> The essence of who we
are is our consciousness.
People sometimes
compare it with when
you look through a film,
a projection, what you see
on the screen is just images.
It's the same as your
thoughts, but you
don't project the screen,
you just see the light.
So there's something behind all
your thoughts and your feelings,
and that's your consciousness,
which is eternal.
>> I would say that we are
consciousness in the process
of evolution.
It's this beautiful
dance of sentient beings
who are sharing that one
mind, but each manifesting
is a different perspective.
I like to look at us as facets
on the edge of a diamond.
The diamond is the one
mind, that God mind.
And yet the facets are
each and every one of us
as an individual perspective.
And it's how those facets
interact with each other
that we can help that one mind
in its process of evolution.
So just as the entrance to the
temple at the Oracle of Delphi,
there's an inscription
that says, know thyself.
Well, in fact, I think that's
exactly what the challenge is,
to know thyself.
But as you come to recognize,
as the modern science
of consciousness is
pointing out to us,
that we're really part of
the mind of the universe.
That is what is
doing the evolving.
So it's nothing more than
individual sentient beings
going through this process
of learning who they are,
why they're here, and
where this is all going.
>> God plants us down here.
We choose to come down.
We want to grow.
We want to expand.
We want to experience.
Maybe when we get
far enough grown,
we get to stay home and not
have to come down anymore.
I don't know the
bigger picture, but I'm
glad that I strongly believe
that there is a God that's
controlling the whole thing.
And I trust him.
>> So this was the message.
God said, such folly to
think anything escapes
my knowing, as when you
were with me all at once all
that I allowed you
to know, you knew.
No words were spoken,
nor were they shouted.
I whispered them to your spirit.
I discreetly filled
you with knowing.
Knowing flowed into you as
effortlessly as taking a breath.
Is it not so?
No truer words have ever
been spoken or written.
The great I am is in your core.
The great I am is the light.
Even when I am
hidden, still, I am.
As my energy charged sending me
over each synapse in your brain,
even those small
fibers knew that I am.
They rose and fell to
the rhythm I created,
to the symphony I
composed, I conducted.
I consider it a tragic
comedy of arrogance
when man denies what the
smallest innovation knows.
Man thinks he acts and
moves outside my knowledge.
How could it be so?
I say, I proclaim he does not.
His own fibers clutch
themselves laughing at the idea.
I am the flower, the wind, the
rain, the sinew, the marrow,
the rock, the author, the maker,
the touch that set in motion
all that you see,
all that you know,
and all that you
do not see or know.
I knit you.
I put breath in you.
I am coded in every cell.
Each nanosecond of time falls
in step as I will it so.
I am in you.
I am all.
Even when you perceive
nothing, still, I am there.
As I tell you this here
and now, pressing my truth
into your breast, your very
heart presses it further in.
[MUSIC PLAYING]